
Test Case #1:

Scenario :  	1. Registering a user
Verdict :	Message displayed 'Registration Successful!' and username is listed on database.
Result :	Passed!


Test Case #2:

Scenario : 	1. Login a registered user
Verdict :	UserPortal window opened with all gui and list of files and no change is noticed in the state of database
Result	:	Passed!

Test Case #3:

Scenario :	1. Registering a registered user
Verdict :	Message displayed 'User exists' and no change is noticed in the state of database.
Result	:	Passed!

Test Case #4:

Scenario : 	1. Entering wrong password
Verdict	:	Message displayed 'Invalid Password' and no change is noticed in the state of database.
Result : 	Passed!

Test Case #5:

Scenario : 	1. Upload a text file on the behalf of user1 with some master password p1
		2. Upload same text file on the behalf of another user user2 with some master password p2
Verdict	:	File is uploaded successfully and reference is made for another user but seperate keys are stored in the database.
Result	:	Passed!

Test Case #6:

Scenario :	1. Upload a text file file1 on the behalf of user1 with some master password p1
		2. Upload same text file file1 on the behalf of user2 with some master password p2
		3. Download file1 from the account of user1 and from account of user2
Verdict	:	Both files were downloaded successfully and found same.
Result	:	Passed!

Test Case #7:

Scenario : 	1. Upload a text file on the behalf of one user user1 with some master passsword p1
		2. Upload same text file on the behalf of another user user2 with some master password p1
Verdict :	References are made to the text file and seperate keys are stored on the account of user2 in database.		
Result	:	Passed!

Test Case #8:

Scenario :	1. Upload a text file file1 on the behalf of one user user1 with some master password p1
		2. Upload a text file file1 on the behalf of another user user2 with some master password p2
		3. Download file1 from the account of user1 and user2.
Verdict :	Both files were downloaded successfully and found same.
Result	:	Passed!

Test Case #9:

Scenario :	1. Login into account of user user1
		2. Reset server
Verdict	: 	Message displayed on server 'Client logged in. Reset it later' and server is not reset.
Result :	Passed!

Test Case #10:

Scenario : 	1. Upload a text file file1 two times on the behalf of user user1 with same master password.
Verdict :	Second time file is not uploaded to the server.
Result :	Passed!

Test Case #11:

Scenario : 	1. Upload a text file file1 two times on the behalf of user user1 with same master password.
		2. Download the same file file1 twice.
Verdict	:	File is shown only one time. File has been downloaded successfully.
Result	:	Passed!	

Test Case #12:

Scenario : 	1. Upload a text file file1 two times on the behalf of user user1 with different master password.
Verdict :	Second time file is not uploaded to the server.
Result :	Passed!

Test Case #13:

Scenario :	1. Upload a text file file1 two times on the behalf of user user1 with different master password.
		2. Download the same file twice.
Verdict :	Second time file is not uploaded to the server.First file is downloaded successfully.
Result :	Passed!


Test Case #14:

Scenario : 	Upload a pdf file on the behalf of user user1.

Verdict	:	File uploaded successfully to the server and shown on the panel.
Result	:	Passed!




